README.md, before:

# QUANTIX

##  Event Planning Website

A web application that helps users prepare and manage all aspects of an upcoming event, including guest invitations, vendor bookings, and event design. It provides tools for creating guest lists, managing vendors and venues, tracking RSVPs


## 🚀 Features
👥 Guest Management:  
- Create and manage a guest list  
- Send invitations  
- Track RSVPs manually  

🏛️ Vendor & Venue Planning:     
- Add and manage venues, vendors, and booking notes locally   
- Compare manually entered prices and availability    

📝 Event Blueprint:   
- Manually input event schedules, sessions, and floorplans      
- Export plans as downloadable files or printable materials   
- Export structured data as JSON or CSV (schedule, guest list, and layout)  

## 🔗 Visit our site
Click [here](https://quantix-production.up.railway.app)

## 👥 Our Team
Karabo Bopape   
Ammaarah Cassim   
Zaneerah Essop   
Raeesa Lorgat   
Tariro Muvevi   
Imaan Saloojee   

## 🖥 Tech Stack 
 -Frontend: Javascript xml, React   
 -Backend: Firebase    
 -Database: Firestore( by Firebase)   
 -Authentication: Google OAuth   
 -CI/CD Pipeline: Github actions      
 -Testing: Jest 

## Local Setup and Installation
1. To setup the project on your device, clone the repository by running the following command\
`git clone https://github.com/ZaneerahEssop/QUANTIX.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory   
`cd QUANTIX`
3. Install all dependencies to run the project locally by running the command    
`npm install`
4. To run the Project, in the project directory you can run the command   
`npm start`

Commit message:

Revise README with detailed project information
Updated project description, features, tech stack, and local setup instructions in README.md.

README.md, after:

# QUANTIX

##  Event Planning Website

Event-ually Perfect is a full-stack event planning platform that connects event planners and vendors within a unified digital ecosystem. The system streamlines the event management workflow, promotes real-time collaboration, and centralizes communication and data management. Event-ually Perfect provides an end-to-end solution that enables planners to create and manage events, discover and engage vendors, negotiate and manage contracts, invite and track guests, exchange messages in real-time, find inspiration, and export event-related data and artifacts. Vendors, in turn, can maintain detailed profiles, manage requests, and communicate seamlessly with planners.

## 🚀 Features
👥 Guest Management:  
- Create and manage a guest list  
- Send invitations  
- Track RSVPs manually  

🏛️ Vendor & Venue Planning:     
- Add and manage venues, vendors, and booking notes locally   
- Compare manually entered prices and availability    

📝 Event Blueprint:   
- Manually input event schedules, sessions, and floorplans      
- Export plans as downloadable files or printable materials   
- Export structured data as JSON or CSV (schedule, guest list, and layout)  

## 🔗 Visit our site
Click [here](http://quantix-frontend.vercel.app/)

## 👥 Our Team
Karabo Bopape   
Ammaarah Cassim   
Zaneerah Essop   
Raeesa Lorgat   
Tariro Muvevi   
Imaan Saloojee   

## 🖥 Tech Stack 
 -Frontend: Javascript xml, ReactJS  
 -Backend: NodeJS, ExpressJS
 -Database: Supabase
 -Authentication: Google OAuth   
 -CI/CD Pipeline: Github actions      
 -Testing: Jest 

## Local Setup and Installation
# Frontend
1. To setup the project on your device, clone the repository by running the following command\
`git clone https://github.com/ZaneerahEssop/QUANTIX.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory   
`cd QUANTIX`
3. Install all dependencies to run the project locally by running the command    
`npm install`
4. To run the Project, in the project directory you can run the command   
`npm start`
